>>> BILL SHINE’S, TRUMP’S
>>> BILL SHINE’S, TRUMP’S COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR IS
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR IS LEAVING.
LEAVING. UNEXECT PD MOVE AMID REPORTS
UNEXECT PD MOVE AMID REPORTS THAT SHINE WASN’T GOOD ENOUGH
THAT SHINE WASN’T GOOD ENOUGH FROM SHIELDING HIS BOSS FROM
FROM SHIELDING HIS BOSS FROM NEGATIVE COVERAGE.
NEGATIVE COVERAGE. THE PRESIDENT FREQUENTLY
THE PRESIDENT FREQUENTLY CRITICIZED HIM TO OTHER ADVISORS
CRITICIZED HIM TO OTHER ADVISORS SAYING HIS OWN PRESS COVERAGE
SAYING HIS OWN PRESS COVERAGE HAD NOT IMPROVED.
HAD NOT IMPROVED. AND JANE MARE DESCRIBING THE
AND JANE MARE DESCRIBING THE CLOSE TIES BETWEEN THE TRUMP
CLOSE TIES BETWEEN THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE AND FOX NEWS.
WHITE HOUSE AND FOX NEWS. REMINDED READERS THAT THE FORMER
REMINDED READERS THAT THE FORMER EXECUTIVE WAS REPAUNSABLE FOR
EXECUTIVE WAS REPAUNSABLE FOR CLEANING UP EXTENSIVE ABUSE AND
CLEANING UP EXTENSIVE ABUSE AND SEVERAL LAWSUITS NAME HIM AS A
SEVERAL LAWSUITS NAME HIM AS A COMPLICIT IN PAY OFFS AND VICTIM
COMPLICIT IN PAY OFFS AND VICTIM INTIMIDATION.
INTIMIDATION. AND SEAN HANNITY BECAME A MATCH
AND SEAN HANNITY BECAME A MATCH MAKER, ARRANGING A DINNER FOR
MAKER, ARRANGING A DINNER FOR THE PRESIDENT AT THE WHITE HOUSE
THE PRESIDENT AT THE WHITE HOUSE AND PROPOSED SHINE AS A TOP
AND PROPOSED SHINE AS A TOP COMMUNICATIONS
COMMUNICATIONS COMMUNICATIONS OFFICIAL OR
COMMUNICATIONS OFFICIAL OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF.
DEPUTY CHIEF OF STAFF. NOW HE’S NEITHER.
NOW HE’S NEITHER. WHAT WAS YOUR REACTION TO IT?
WHAT WAS YOUR REACTION TO IT? >> UM, WELL, I GUESS I THOUGHT
>> UM, WELL, I GUESS I THOUGHT PROBABLY SHINE HAD JUST BECOME
PROBABLY SHINE HAD JUST BECOME TOO MUCH BAGGAGE.
TOO MUCH BAGGAGE. WHAT HE SAID HIMSELF IN A
WHAT HE SAID HIMSELF IN A MEETING AT THE WHITE HOUSE TODAY
MEETING AT THE WHITE HOUSE TODAY TO COLLEAGUES IS HE’S BECOME A
TO COLLEAGUES IS HE’S BECOME A DISTRACTION.
DISTRACTION. HE WAS NOW DIRECTOR OF
HE WAS NOW DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS IN THE WHITE
COMMUNICATIONS IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
HOUSE. IT MADE THE TIE BETWEEN FOX THE
IT MADE THE TIE BETWEEN FOX THE WHITE HOUSE SO HEAVY HANDED THAT
WHITE HOUSE SO HEAVY HANDED THAT IT BECAME A LIGHTING ROD FOR
IT BECAME A LIGHTING ROD FOR CRITICS.
CRITICS. >> THE WHITE HOUSE SAYS NO ONE
>> THE WHITE HOUSE SAYS NO ONE IN THE WHITE HOUSE READ YOUR
IN THE WHITE HOUSE READ YOUR ARTICLE WHICH I FIND
ARTICLE WHICH I FIND PREPOSTEROUS AND HARD TO BELIEVE
PREPOSTEROUS AND HARD TO BELIEVE BUT DO YOU THINK IT PLAYED A
BUT DO YOU THINK IT PLAYED A ROLE IN THE TIMING?
ROLE IN THE TIMING? >> I DON’T KNOW WHY HE’D BE A
>> I DON’T KNOW WHY HE’D BE A DISTRACTION THIS WEEK AND NOT
DISTRACTION THIS WEEK AND NOT LAST WEEK BUT WHO KNOWS.
LAST WEEK BUT WHO KNOWS. IT WOULD BE SPECULATION ON MY
IT WOULD BE SPECULATION ON MY PART.
PART. I KNOW SHINE WAS PLANNING
I KNOW SHINE WAS PLANNING LONG-TERM IMPROVEMENTS SO IT
LONG-TERM IMPROVEMENTS SO IT SEEMS AS IF HE DIDN’T HIMSELF
SEEMS AS IF HE DIDN’T HIMSELF EXPECT TO BE LEAVING ANYTIME
EXPECT TO BE LEAVING ANYTIME SOON.
SOON. BUT IT’S TRUE HE HAD BOTHERED I
BUT IT’S TRUE HE HAD BOTHERED I THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD FELT
THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP HAD FELT DISSATISFIED WITH HIM.
DISSATISFIED WITH HIM. HE DID NOT GO ON A TRIP TO
HE DID NOT GO ON A TRIP TO VIETNAM WITH THE PRESIDENT AND
VIETNAM WITH THE PRESIDENT AND HE EXPECTED TO GO ON IT.
HE EXPECTED TO GO ON IT. I THINK IT’S A COMBINATION OF
I THINK IT’S A COMBINATION OF VARIOUS THINGS BUT SOMETHING
VARIOUS THINGS BUT SOMETHING BROUGHT IT TO A HEAD.
BROUGHT IT TO A HEAD. >> I’M GOING TO ASK ABOUT SOME
>> I’M GOING TO ASK ABOUT SOME PUSHBACK IN YOUR REPORTING.
PUSHBACK IN YOUR REPORTING. ONE OF THE MOST EXPLOSIVE PARTS
ONE OF THE MOST EXPLOSIVE PARTS IN YOUR REPORTING IS FOX NEWS,
IN YOUR REPORTING IS FOX NEWS, THE WEBSITE KILLED A STORY BY
THE WEBSITE KILLED A STORY BY ONE OFILITIES ITS REPORTERS IN
ONE OFILITIES ITS REPORTERS IN EXISTENCE OF STORMY DANIELS AND
EXISTENCE OF STORMY DANIELS AND THE EDITOR WHO KILLED IT, KILLED
THE EDITOR WHO KILLED IT, KILLED IT SAYING FORGET IT, KID, RUPERT
IT SAYING FORGET IT, KID, RUPERT WANTS TRUMP ELECTED.
WANTS TRUMP ELECTED. BIG DEAL.
BIG DEAL. AN EXPLOSIVE THING TO SAY IN THE
AN EXPLOSIVE THING TO SAY IN THE NEWSROOM.
NEWSROOM. AND HE WROTE AN OP-ED AND MADE A
AND HE WROTE AN OP-ED AND MADE A NUMBER OF CONTENTIONS, ONE THAT
NUMBER OF CONTENTIONS, ONE THAT HE KILLED IT BECAUSE THE
HE KILLED IT BECAUSE THE REPORTER DIDN’T HAVE ENOUGH
REPORTER DIDN’T HAVE ENOUGH DETAIL SEEMED TO IMPLY THAT YOU
DETAIL SEEMED TO IMPLY THAT YOU NEVER SPOKE TO HIM.
NEVER SPOKE TO HIM. AND I’D LIKE YOU TO RESPOND TO
AND I’D LIKE YOU TO RESPOND TO THAT.
THAT. >> IT’S NOT REALLY PUSHBACK
>> IT’S NOT REALLY PUSHBACK BECAUSE HIS DENIAL AND HIS
BECAUSE HIS DENIAL AND HIS CONTENTION HE KILLED IT BECAUSE
CONTENTION HE KILLED IT BECAUSE HE WASN’T READY IS IN MY STORY.
HE WASN’T READY IS IN MY STORY. IT’S ACTUALLY HIS POINT OF VIEW
IT’S ACTUALLY HIS POINT OF VIEW IS VERY MUCH REFLECTED IN THE
IS VERY MUCH REFLECTED IN THE STORY.
STORY. HE’S QUOTED FOUR TIMES IN THE
HE’S QUOTED FOUR TIMES IN THE STORY.
STORY. I INTERVIEWED HIM EXTENSIVELY.
I INTERVIEWED HIM EXTENSIVELY. THAT LAST BIT ABOUT FALZON, WHO
THAT LAST BIT ABOUT FALZON, WHO IS THE AUTHOR OF THAT PARTICULAR
IS THE AUTHOR OF THAT PARTICULAR STORY WE’RE TALKING ABOUT, HE
STORY WE’RE TALKING ABOUT, HE SENT US A TON OF MATERIAL ON.
SENT US A TON OF MATERIAL ON. I WENT THROUGH HIS MATERIAL AND
I WENT THROUGH HIS MATERIAL AND PUT IN HIS STATEMENT.
PUT IN HIS STATEMENT. I DO UNDERSTAND WHY HE FEELS
I DO UNDERSTAND WHY HE FEELS EMBARRASSED AND WANTS TO RECLAIM
EMBARRASSED AND WANTS TO RECLAIM HIS REPUTATION BECAUSE WHO WANTS
HIS REPUTATION BECAUSE WHO WANTS TO BE THE EDITOR WHO KILLED THE
TO BE THE EDITOR WHO KILLED THE STORY ABOUT STORMY DANIELS THAT
STORY ABOUT STORMY DANIELS THAT TURNED OUT TO BE TRUE AND HAVE A
TURNED OUT TO BE TRUE AND HAVE A REPORTER WHO FEELS THAT IT WOULD
REPORTER WHO FEELS THAT IT WOULD HAVE SUEDE THE WHOLE ELECTION IF
HAVE SUEDE THE WHOLE ELECTION IF THEY HAD JUST PUBLISHED IT?
THEY HAD JUST PUBLISHED IT? BUT HE HAD HIS SAY IN OUR STORY
BUT HE HAD HIS SAY IN OUR STORY AND I’M GLAD HE DID.
AND I’M GLAD HE DID. WE FEEL, AT "THE NEW YORKER"
WE FEEL, AT "THE NEW YORKER" THAT WE TRY TO GET EVERYBODY’S
THAT WE TRY TO GET EVERYBODY’S POINT OF VIEW AND HIS IS VERY
POINT OF VIEW AND HIS IS VERY MUCH REFLECTED.
MUCH REFLECTED. >> THE MOST EXPLOSIVE PART IS
>> THE MOST EXPLOSIVE PART IS THE REPORTING THAT COLLEAGUE
THE REPORTING THAT COLLEAGUE HEARD HIM SAY OUT LOUD THIS
HEARD HIM SAY OUT LOUD THIS LINE, THAT RUPERT WANTS TRUMP
LINE, THAT RUPERT WANTS TRUMP ELECTED.
ELECTED. YOU STAND BY THAT REPORTING?
YOU STAND BY THAT REPORTING? >> I DON’T THINK YOU HAVE IT
>> I DON’T THINK YOU HAVE IT QUITE EXACTLY RIGHT.
QUITE EXACTLY RIGHT. IT’S NOT THAT SHE HEARD IT SAID
IT’S NOT THAT SHE HEARD IT SAID OUT LOUD.
OUT LOUD. THE REPORTER CONIFIEDED IN THE
THE REPORTER CONIFIEDED IN THE COLLEAGUE WHO I INTERVIEWED
COLLEAGUE WHO I INTERVIEWED ABOUT IT AND YES, I THINK THE
ABOUT IT AND YES, I THINK THE RECORD WILL SHOW IF IN FACT IRTS
RECORD WILL SHOW IF IN FACT IRTS RR EVER DISCLOSED AND THERE’S A
RR EVER DISCLOSED AND THERE’S A CALL TONIGHT FOR THE LAWYER FOR
CALL TONIGHT FOR THE LAWYER FOR DIANNE FALZON.
DIANNE FALZON. THERE’S A NONDISCLOSURE
THERE’S A NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT WITH HER.
AGREEMENT WITH HER. SHE SUED FOX FOR GENDER
SHE SUED FOX FOR GENDER DISCRIMINATION AND THERE WAS A
DISCRIMINATION AND THERE WAS A SETTLEMENT OUT OF COURT AND
SETTLEMENT OUT OF COURT AND SHE’S NOT ALLOWED TO SPEAK ABOUT
SHE’S NOT ALLOWED TO SPEAK ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO HER AT FOX AND
WHAT HAPPENED TO HER AT FOX AND ABOUT HER DOING THIS STORY.
ABOUT HER DOING THIS STORY. BUT HER LAWYER TONIGHT WHO’S
BUT HER LAWYER TONIGHT WHO’S NAME IS NANCY ERICA SMITH, HAS
NAME IS NANCY ERICA SMITH, HAS PUT OUT A STATEMENT CALLING FOR
PUT OUT A STATEMENT CALLING FOR FOX TO LIFT THAT NDA AND LET HER
FOX TO LIFT THAT NDA AND LET HER SPEAK ABOUT THIS SO THE TRUTH
SPEAK ABOUT THIS SO THE TRUTH CAN COME OUT AND I’D LOVE FOR
CAN COME OUT AND I’D LOVE FOR FOX TO THRIFT NDA AND WE CAN
FOX TO THRIFT NDA AND WE CAN SEE.
SEE. >> THIS IS A WOMAN WHO IS AT THE
>> THIS IS A WOMAN WHO IS AT THE CENTER OF THIS EXPLOSIVE STORY
CENTER OF THIS EXPLOSIVE STORY YOU’VE REPORTED, THE IDEA IT WAS
YOU’VE REPORTED, THE IDEA IT WAS KILLED TO POLITICALLY BENEFIT
KILLED TO POLITICALLY BENEFIT THE PRESIDENT WHO IS ESSENTIALLY
THE PRESIDENT WHO IS ESSENTIALLY HELPING A COVER UP, WHICH IS A I
HELPING A COVER UP, WHICH IS A I CRIME.
CRIME. AND HER LAWYER SAYING IN LIGHT
AND HER LAWYER SAYING IN LIGHT OF THE FALSE AND DEFAMATORY
OF THE FALSE AND DEFAMATORY STATEMENTS BEING MADE, DIANNA
STATEMENTS BEING MADE, DIANNA FALZONE ASKED TO BE RELEASED
FALZONE ASKED TO BE RELEASED FROM HER NDA IN REGARDS TO
FROM HER NDA IN REGARDS TO DONALD TRUMP PAYING HUSH MONEY
DONALD TRUMP PAYING HUSH MONEY TO STORMY DANIELS BECAUSE THE
TO STORMY DANIELS BECAUSE THE PUBLIC HAS A RIGHT TO HEAR THE
PUBLIC HAS A RIGHT TO HEAR THE TRUTH.
TRUTH. FINAL QUESTION HERE.
FINAL QUESTION HERE. DPRRS
DPRRS DO YOU THINK SHINE LEAVING
DO YOU THINK SHINE LEAVING CHANGES ANYTHING ABOUT THE
CHANGES ANYTHING ABOUT THE FUNDAMENTALLY BIZARRE CO
FUNDAMENTALLY BIZARRE CO DEPENDENT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN
DEPENDENT RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THIS WHITE HOUSE AND FOX THAT
THIS WHITE HOUSE AND FOX THAT YOU DOCUMENT IN YOUR STORY?
YOU DOCUMENT IN YOUR STORY? >> YOU CAN KNOW, I DON’T REALLY
>> YOU CAN KNOW, I DON’T REALLY THING SO.
THING SO. BECAUSE THE RELATIONSHIP GO SO
BECAUSE THE RELATIONSHIP GO SO DEEP, ALL THE WAY UP TO RUPERT
DEEP, ALL THE WAY UP TO RUPERT MURDOX WHO TALKS FREQUENTLY THE
MURDOX WHO TALKS FREQUENTLY THE PRESIDENT AND THE PRESIDENT’S
PRESIDENT AND THE PRESIDENT’S SON.
SON. AND HANNITY WHO’S TOLD
AND HANNITY WHO’S TOLD COLLEAGUES HE SPEAKS TO THE
COLLEAGUES HE SPEAKS TO THE PRESIDENT AFTER HIS SHOWS IN THE
PRESIDENT AFTER HIS SHOWS IN THE EVENING.
EVENING. THERE’S SO MANY DIFFERENT LEVELS
THERE’S SO MANY DIFFERENT LEVELS OF COMMUNICATION AND SUCH AN
OF COMMUNICATION AND SUCH AN OPEN KIND OF FEEDBACK LOOP
OPEN KIND OF FEEDBACK LOOP THERE I DON’T ACTUALLY THINK
THERE I DON’T ACTUALLY THINK THAT’S GOING TO CHANGE BECAUSE
THAT’S GOING TO CHANGE BECAUSE BILL SHINE IS LEAVING.
BILL SHINE IS LEAVING. >> FINAL QUESTION.
>> FINAL QUESTION. I LIED.
I LIED. THE DNC ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY THAT
THE DNC ANNOUNCED YESTERDAY THAT THEY WOULD NOT HAVE FOX HOST ANY
THEY WOULD NOT HAVE FOX HOST ANY OF THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
OF THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY DEBATES AND ONE OF THE THINGS
DEBATES AND ONE OF THE THINGS THEY DID WAS SITE REPORTING
THEY DID WAS SITE REPORTING UNYOUR ARTICLE, SPECIFICALLY
UNYOUR ARTICLE, SPECIFICALLY ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH DIANNE
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED WITH DIANNE FALZONE, ACCORDING TO YOUR
FALZONE, ACCORDING TO YOUR REPORTING.
REPORTING. YOUR REACTION?
YOUR REACTION? >> I MEAN THAT’S REAL A A
>> I MEAN THAT’S REAL A A POLITICAL CALCULATION WHAT THE
POLITICAL CALCULATION WHAT THE DNC WANTS TO DO.
DNC WANTS TO DO. IT’S BEYOND MY PAY GRADE.
IT’S BEYOND MY PAY GRADE. I’M HAPPY TO TALK ABOUT
I’M HAPPY TO TALK ABOUT JOURNALISM AND DESCRIBE THE
JOURNALISM AND DESCRIBE THE REPORTING PROCESS THAT WENT
REPORTING PROCESS THAT WENT INTO, FOR INSTANCE THE FALZONE
INTO, FOR INSTANCE THE FALZONE STORY WHERE I INTERVIEWED A
STORY WHERE I INTERVIEWED A NUMBER OF PEOPLE AND THERE WERE
NUMBER OF PEOPLE AND THERE WERE THREE CORROBORATORS FOR HER
THREE CORROBORATORS FOR HER STORY.
STORY. BUT I DON’T REALLY KNOW.
BUT I DON’T REALLY KNOW. I MEAN THE DNC HAS TO MAKE ITS
I MEAN THE DNC HAS TO MAKE ITS OWN DECISIONS.
OWN DECISIONS. NOT MY DEAL.
NOT MY DEAL. >> ALL RIGHT.